(Mysterious power)
(Youth Over Flowers: Winner)
("New Journey to the West")
(Youth Over Flowers)
(Youth Over Flowers: Winner)
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Let's go.
(Introducing the new youth)
(Kang Seung Yoon)
(Leader, vocal, youngest)
Move, move, move.
(Kim Jin Woo)
(Vocal, oldest who looks like the youngest)
My gosh!
(Extremely frivolous)
(Finger Song)
(Song Min Ho)
(Rapper)
(Lee Seung Hoon)
(Rapper, the middle manager)
Make a way.
(Special guest quokka)
(Let's take a selfie.)
No.
- That looks like a kangaroo. - Right.
(It's taking place in West Australia.)
- National Geography. - I saw it.
(Average age 25.5)
(The youngest Youth Over Flowers of all times)
(They began the journey in prison uniforms,)
(but returned as Winner.)
(How did this happen...)
(in the first place?)
(Before we start the long story...)
(They debuted 4 years ago with a song titled "Empty".)
(They recently made a great hit with "Really Really",)
(and spent the busiest time since their debut.)
(But this happened!)
("New Journey to the West" season 4 began with shaving Min Ho's head.)
I prepared many events.
(The wheel was for fun.)
If I get it here, I get Lamborghini.
It's so tiny.
Porsche 911.
That's so tiny.
(Min Ho aims at something.)
(He unnecessarily spun 15 times,)
(then he pointed at Lamborghini,)
(and then Porsche.)
(This is how he became Finger Song.)
(Staffs need to cover 650,000 dollars.)
(My gosh.)
I'm sorry. I'll apologize.
You're sorry?
(But an apology won't do,)
(so the staff sold dream and hope instead of Lamborghini,)
(and Min Ho wished for Youth Over Flower with Winner.)
(And...)
(the final Dragon Ball mission)
(The moment staffs were doomed.)
(Once again, Min Ho worked miracle,)
(and that's how Youth Over Flower was made possible.)
(Min Ho cries, and so does the staffs.)
But the thing is all Winner members must agree.
We've talked about it a lot.
We always wanted to try Youth Over Flower.
(Before Min Ho joined "New Journey to the West")
Is there any variety shows you want to try?
There are so many.
What do you want to try, Min Ho?
I want to try Youth Over Flower.
(He wanted to try Youth Over Flower more than anything.)
Hello.
(He informs this happy news to his members.)
Are you all together?
Look at your hair.
Your hair is so hilarious.
I have an important announcement.
(It's so noisy because of his hair before the important announcement.)
I'm going to make an important announcement.
What's that?
In "New Journey to the West"...
(The manager sensed something and started filming with his phone.)
Oh, you're hypebeast.
All Winner members...
All four of us...
(He's taking time.)
- What? - What?
I wished on going Youth Over Flower with all four of us,
- Really? - and we can go because I succeeded!
(We can go on Youth Over Flower.)
- Are you serious? - Really?
(He smiles like a mother.)
I'm serious.
How?
What are you?
- Me? - How did you do that?
(So happy that they said something they didn't mean)
- How did you do that? - "What are you?"
- Hello. - Congratulations.
Have fun.
Thank you.
- They're so excited. - Are you happy?
- This is awesome. - Are we really going?
You've gained weight, Min Ho.
(Applause to celebrate himself)
I can't believe it. Youth Over Flower.
When are we leaving by the way?
- Us? - Yes.
- Let's leave tomorrow. - Tomorrow?
(So they began waiting for Youth Over Flower.)
(We left our passports at tvN security office.)
(They volunteered to give their passports.)
(They're ready to be caught.)
(Youth Over Flower actually...)
(begins when they're not ready...)
(without knowing who they're going with and where they're going.)
(They're supposed to be amazed.)
(That's how it should be.)
I thought if I were a staff,
it'd be very difficult.
Many people know about this,
and so do we.
I was wondering how you're going to kidnap us.
("The producer asks to pretend as if you don't know anything")
(So we even asked them.)
("I always doubt first and dress up for everything")
(They never go off guard.)
(How to kidnap someone who knows he'll be kidnapped?)
(1st, find an assistant.)
(The first assistant)
None of their managers are aware.
They don't know when they're leaving.
I didn't share it with them.
Are they still in doubt?
Yes.
They don't ask me straight up,
but they'd be like, "It's about time now."
Even if they ask me, I say I don't know anything.
They're only guessing.
(Have you heard anything about Youth Over Flower?)
(Seriously, there's nothing.)
(He's lying.)
(It'll be fun. I'm excited.)
I've been telling all the managers...
to film them every time they have meals.
We have this.
(With the help of assistants,)
(we decided to observe Winner.)
(Kang Seung Yoon on one ordinary day)
(Song Min Ho on one ordinary day)
(Heavy bag)
My bag was always packed.
I had a notebook, medicine, and a toothbrush.
Things that I need.
Seung Yoon did this too.
We always dressed up.
Even when I went to a supermarket in front of our house,
I wore a pink jacket.
I dressed up just in case.
(This is how they dressed up at home to be ready.)
- Hello. - Hello.
(Min Ho always dressed up nicely even when he had no plans.)
(His bag was always heavy.)
(Seung Yoon as well)
(His bag is packed.)
(When the staff found out, they asked their manager for help.)
If the members left anything in the car,
take it out before they notice.
Jin Woo barely carries anything with him.
Seung Yoon and Min Ho always carry a bag with them,
but Seung Hoon and Jin Woo have nothing.
- They only have cellphones. - I see.
(But,)
(Jin Woo who never carried anything with him...)
(suddenly showed up with a bag.)
(Even at the autograph event,)
(he kept it with him.)
(He keeps wearing it.)
That was for this.
For this.
I thought I should bring some money with me,
and I had a credit card inside it.
I normally don't bring credit cards.
Fans asked me too.
They asked me what's inside the bag.
I just said...
there are snacks inside.
Since then it became a snack bag.
(A snack bag with a credit card inside)
Where's the bag now?
It's in the house.
They don't say anything,
but they think they could leave at any time.
All our schedules...
We doubted all our schedules.
We were like,
"What is this?"
"Are we leaving now?"
- When you had a schedule? - Yes.
We thought on the way back home...
we could be dragged to the airport...
all sweaty.
(How to kidnap someone who knows he'll be kidnapped?)
(2nd, try to fool them.)
(Sechskies 20th anniversary concert on September 23)
(Winner will be on as guest singers.)
Because of Sechskies...
(Winner managers are also Sechskies managers.)
(With the support of managers,)
(The youngest producer of "New Journey to the West" in disguise)
(At the parking lot where Winner will arrive,)
(we parked a tvN shooting van upfront.)
(We decided to watch their reactions.)
(We started shooting as if we're concert staffs.)
(Min Ho can't see what's in front of him.)
(Seung Hoon's off guard.)
(They all pass by without any suspicion.)
(Jin Woo arrives.)
(He automatically says hello to the shooting staff.)
(He's carrying the precious snack bag again.)
(Then he runs fast.)
(Lastly, Seung Yoon arrives.)
(He also just passes by.)
I don't think they're suspicious.
Really? They're usually very suspicious.
Seung Hoon usually asks directly,
"What's that car?"
Since he didn't ask me, I don't think they know.
(They can't do anything even if they get kidnapped now.)
(The youngest producer became bored.)
I don't think they noticed at all.
(He's excited.)
Not at all. They have no idea.
(Oh, love)
(The youngest producer was on the phone carelessly.)
(Min Ho brings his face up to her.)
(Suspicion)
(Did he notice?)
(But he just turns around.)
Yes. You can use that.
(Winner at peace)
(They finished their performance safely.)
(They're going back home safely.)
Awesome Sechskies.
(Even though we're filming Winner at Sechskies concert,)
(they're not suspicious at all.)
Bye.
(We must've overestimated Winner.)
(It must not be true that they doubt every time they have a schedule.)
(We thought it'd be easy to deceive Winner at this point.)
- I don't know. - You didn't know?
- The girl with a hat. - We know her?
- She's from a broadcasting station. - Really?
(Winner knew.)
Why is there tvN?
Scary.
Are we really going to Daejeon tomorrow?
(Do we really have a schedule tomorrow?)
It might not be true.
(Winner knew everything, but they pretended like they don't.)
Why is Ho Seop in this car?
I have shooting on Tuesday. I can't go.
That might be a lie.
Seung Yoon could join us later.
That's possible.
Some people join the show later.
Right.
We don't have anything after Monday.
Wait.
I'm not ready yet. I haven't even packed yet.
Where is it?
I have to go home now,
and pack for seven days.
(But it was fake.)
Are you going to eat anything?
No, we're fine.
We're waiting.
(Nothing happened.)
What if it's tomorrow after we're done?
- I can't make it tomorrow. - Monday...
(How to kidnap someone who knows he'll be kidnapped?)
(3rd, it's war time.)
They're expecting...
to leave sometime in September.
They think they'll leave in the middle of September.
(So we decided to leave in October.)
(The thing is how are we going to kidnap them?)
Since they're not on TV often,
when they have events or shoot commercials,
or when they go recording,
they're most likely to be off guard.
The thing is when they have events,
it's also on the internet.
(Director Choi Jung Soo, YG advertising team.)
If I say they're shooting a vehicle commercial,
they'll be amazed,
but excited to do it.
But in the recent commercial,
Winner members talked about it.
They said they want to shoot a vehicle commercial.
(So we lied that they have a vehicle commercial.)
(Are we shooting a commercial on October 10?)
(Yes.)
Every time we shoot a commercial,
there's a manager named Byung Young.
He texts each member separately...
about the money and how long it will be on.
(He informs them about the money and the contract conditions.)
He even sent me the text. I was excited.
(He gave them the exact amount to deceive them.)
Everyone was excited.
(The thing is...)
(how are we going to shoot a vehicle commercial?)
To tell you a brief story,
there is an idol group...
named Winner.
(This famous commercial is also Director Chun Sung Jae's work.)
I don't know...
why we have to invite a real commercial director.
I can't believe we're having a meeting here.
Here's our plan.
When you watch a drama,
you put the car on a trailer for shooting.
We get Winner in the car,
and drive to Incheon airport.
(In short,)
Okay.
(we're going to kidnap them in a car.)
We want to dress them in something funny.
One of the members is shooting a drama about prison.
We got the idea from that,
and we're thinking about prison uniforms.
(Prison Uniforms)
Prison uniforms sounds fun,
but I'm not sure if they'll fall for it.
They must look cool for a vehicle commercial. Will they wear it?
(So!)
She's in charge of outfit.
I'm in charge of makeup, and he's in charge of hair.
We're planning to dress them in prison uniforms.
- Prison? - Like Papillon.
It'll be hilarious.
In a trailer?
I want to make them wear the hat too.
- That will be hilarious. - Let's make Seung Yoon wear it.
(Prison uniforms are ready.)
I'll say there's a collaboration...
between the car and Winner,
so we're planning to shoot...
as if we're shooting a music video...
with their song.
(Winner's song "Island" says this.)
(I'll save you from the gray building prison)
(So the theme is they're shooting a commercial for a new car, "I-Land".)
(They receive a long text message from Manager Jang.)
(It's all a big fat lie,)
(but they fell for it.)
(2 days before the departure)
Hello.
("New Journey to the West" is having a small get together.)
Did you have dinner?
I'm fine. I'm on a diet.
I have a shooting the day after tomorrow.
I have a vehicle commercial.
(He wanted to show off.)
(The day of departure.)
(Finally, it's the day.)
(This is where Winner will shoot the fake commercial.)
(The lights are set in the studio.)
(The white fabric goes up too.)
(Finally, the car enters.)
(The car's already released,)
(but we pretend it's a new car.)
(At the same time, in the waiting room,)
("Encyclopedia of Useless Facts" producer is hiding the camera.)
(Ta-da)
("Three Meals a Day" producer who never met Winner before...)
(is here too.)
(There are cameras hidden everywhere in the waiting room.)
(In the small waiting room)
(In the hall)
(In the studio)
(Most hidden cameras in history of "Youth Over Flower".)
(At the same time, outside the studio...)
(Staff is hiding in a window tinted car.)
(It's uncomfortable.)
(3 YG people are here.)
(Lee Byung Young, Choi Jung Soo,)
(Jo An Na)
(Director Yoon Sang Sik)
(18 years of experience)
(We rented a real commercial camera...)
(to deceive Winner.)
(You'll soon watch the most useless high resolution screen...)
(in history of prank.)
(Everything is ready.)
(The biggest kidnap plan begins.)
(Seung Hoon arrives first.)
He's here. Seung Hoon's here.
(The commercial manager marks him.)
(Jin Woo arrives)
(He's carrying the snack bag again.)
(An ordinary day of shooting a commercial begins.)
(It's an ordinary waiting room.)
Min Ho's here.
(He even dyed his hair nicely for the commercial.)
Hello, everybody.
- Hi. - Hello.
Hey, guys. Hi.
It was just like any other shoot.
I saw the meal trucks.
(The trucks came under the pretext of it being a real commercial.)
We have a big studio and a waiting room as well.
I saw our usual crew.
Even the supervisor of the advertising team came.
The plan was utterly perfect.
(To make sure the plan was unbreakable,)
(their agent comes into the room with a bunch of documents.)
(And these documents are...)
Are those for the confidentiality clause?
Yes.
(The advertising team drew up contracts, used for real ads.)
(This is a commercial shoot without any red flags for doubt.)
(And the outfits Winner will wear today are brought.)
(Those are prison uniforms!)
(The filming plan for today.)
(First, they will wear fancy suits and costumes.)
(They will film the scene with the intention of looking the coolest.)
(Afterward, they'll put on the prison uniform and head outside.)
(They will film several scenes.)
(And we plan to kidnap them straight out of the shoot.)
Is this commercial supposed to be funny?
No, it's not.
But why are we wearing those prison uniforms?
(The supervisor in charge of the commercial is taken aback.)
(How should I explain about these outfits?)
They are not prison uniforms.
They symbolize our society.
After being locked up at work, they are leaving their work.
That's why you're wearing that outfit.
You'll leave the company as you take off that outfit.
(Please just believe me.)
I don't know the particulars as the whole storyboard is confidential.
But this is the director's storyboard.
(She shows him the storyboard we paid a lot of money for.)
(It was a big investment. An expert drew the storyboard.)
You're escaping after being jaded by work.
Sort of like a prisoner.
- So this is... - It's not supposed to be funny.
- You used our lyrics, right? - Yes, we did.
(They're slowly convincing him.)
Let's leave this island
(So Seung Hoon is convinced.)
(He even signs the non-disclosure agreement.)
(This time, Min Ho is looking through the storyboard.)
What is this?
(Min Ho seems serious as he looks over the storyboard.)
The concept...
was strange.
I talked to the supervisor of the advertising team about the concept.
(He's the supervisor of the advertising team.)
(Isn't it weird to wear prison uniforms for a car commercial?)
(They are convincing him that the outfits are not weird at all.)
(The clip with the uniform won't be long. It'll be brief.)
I talked about the prison uniform.
All of us are supposed to wear the hats too.
(Now, Jin Woo takes interest in the concept of the commercial.)
(He doesn't find anything strange about it.)
- Seung Yoon has arrived. - He's getting out.
(Seung Yoon arrives last.)
(He's coming from a poster shoot for the drama this morning.)
(He's wrung out, but...)
(he's happy that he's shooting a commercial.)
(Lunch break)
(Seung Hoon is happy lunch is delicious.)
(Min Ho forgot all about the uniform over a cup of coffee.)
(He seems cheerful.)
(He seems cheerful 2.)
(In no time, the crew is almost done with preparing the set.)
(The cameraman for behind-the-scene clips is ready to roll.)
(Seung Yoon, the leader of the group, enters the set first.)
Let me explain you about the shoot.
(He's being briefed about today's shoot.)
Try to look...
- cool standing in front of the car. - Okay.
(The director of the advertising team is listening too.)
(His usual job requirements are...)
(mediating between artists and directors and checking the concept.)
(His job requirement for today...)
(is just watching.)
- You two can dance. - I see.
Yes, dance around a bit.
Now, about the set.
We'll do a 3D modeling for the car.
- It will be a different car. - I see.
We're going to do a lot of computer graphics.
Today's shoot is just to get us some footages to work on.
(This is 3D modeling.)
(If we were to apply this incredible process to our footages.)
(Before the 3D modeling)
(After the 3D modeling)
(They will be identical, for we don't have the budget for it.)
So the set will...
(The director wins their confidence.)
change completely.
- We haven't done 3D modeling yet. - Really?
Imagine that this will be a completely different scene.
- This will look totally different. - Okay. I got it.
Our clients will arrive late today.
Can I...
(She asks to take photos of the outfits.)
- Can I take photos? - Go ahead.
(To, the director of the advertising company.)
(This place is slightly far from the set.)
(And the director of the company is checking the outfits.)
If they find out, it'd be funny either way.
- We used a lot of money on this. - I'm sorry.
We spent a good chunk of money on it.
I'm sorry.
(The prank has begun.)
- Back to your locations. - Okay.
(This prank took 2 months long to prepare.)
- Hold that for me. - Okay.
(An expensive camera)
(Let the high-budgeted prank begin.)
(He starts acting for the commercial.)
(I'm irresistible.)
Are we shooting a music video?
- What is he doing? - He's automatic.
Trying this and that. He's trying to look cool.
(Trying to look cool)
(He's doing everything to look awesome.)
(My gosh. I'm utterly irresistible.)
- Great. Cut! - Cut.
That was amazing.
(There's an unexpected round of applause.)
What? They're clapping for Seung Yoon?
(Next up is Jin Woo, the oldest member of the group.)
- Jin Woo. - Yes?
- You saw Seung Yoon, right? - Yes.
- Do you want me to look cheerful? - You got it.
Exchange a few glances. Try to look groovy.
- Try to communicate with the car. - Sure.
(He's communicating with the car.)
(Bending)
(I'm fine. That looked natural.)
(Slippery)
(That was fine. That looked natural as well.)
After this, I'll give you more directions when everyone is here.
Your looks are very out of this world.
(The compliment relaxes him.)
- You're good looking. - Are we just ugly?
(He's professional.)
(And the fake commercial shoot continues to go smoothly.)
The car is covered. Will they use CG for the car in post-production?
- The car is covered? - The car...
(They did a poor job of covering for 3D modeling.)
They covered it up.
They concealed the bumper.
(The doubt begins to creep in.)
- Why is the bumper covered? - Did you lock it?
Aren't they going to change the color of it?
- Since they are four of you, - Will they do it with CG?
they're probably trying to have it in four colors.
(I see.)
(He's convinced by nonsense.)
They'll probably use CG. I forgot about that.
It's going to be legendary.
(He is gullible.)
Maybe, a dragon might be in it.
You know what I mean, right?
(Imagining cool CG effects)
All right.
(He comes through with no hesitation.)
(He's doing his best.)
Nice!
(Winking)
(We don't know what to say. He's overzealous.)
(His actions are passionate.)
(He's acting the best he can as he feels the car on his body.)
(And Min Ho goes last.)
(He makes good use of the floor.)
(He prefers to stand out from others.)
(Shooting)
(His primary weapon is a gun with bullets of love.)
(He's shooting a lot.)
(When Min Ho and Seung Hoon come together,)
(they become two bubbly rappers.)
(They're exploding with excitement.)
(Their primary weapons are dual weld pistols.)
(Unlike these two vocalists who seemed laid-back,)
(these two rappers deliver a joint acting performance.)
(They're the most hard-working rappers.)
(This time, four of them film together.)
(When these four come together,)
(the group radiates a different vibe.)
(Dear advertising companies, look how hard-working Winner is.)
(From the crew who feels extremely guilty)
(Even the commercial director is fully satisfied.)
That's so much better!
(Winner is filming a fake commercial,)
(and the concept of the commercial is a music video.)
(Island)
(They express how much they want to go to the island.)
(We'll let you go to the island soon.)
Okay!
(The filming in the studio set is over.)
(Only the outdoor filming remains.)
(At corners of the studio set,)
(several prisoners are spotted.)
They're coming out.
(These prisoners are about to escape the city.)
Jin Woo, you look great in the prison uniform.
(They seem cheerful even in the uniform.)
Let's wear the outfit and take a photo.
So when your drama airs,
let's upload the photo to show our support.
- I don't wear this uniform there. - On your drama?
(However, they do their best taking the photo to promote the show.)
I bet these outfits must have thrown you off.
This scene won't take long.
(It's because you'll have to board the plane soon.)
The concept is fleeing from the city.
Pretend this is your previous outfit before the transformation.
(You can buy clothes on your trip.)
(We'll transport the whole car to the airport.)
- We need one more of these. - We don't need the mask.
(Winner, please give us a moment.)
(He's drawing while the rest of them are on their phone.)
(Producer Na is on his way to kidnap them.)
(The last operation)
You're going to...
bring them here to film the last scene shortly.
Please shoot the last scene...
as you would do on any other filming which you've been doing.
You're going to pretend to take care of something and get off the car.
When you're off the trailer,
I'll get on the trailer and pretend I'm fixing the audio equipment.
I'll crouch down while doing so.
The car will leave without you on the trailer.
The crew will look for the director.
When someone says the director is not on it,
someone will say on a walkie-talkie that the guy crouching down...
is good at filming.
Then I'll say, "Let me film this then."
- He'll be alone. - When I show myself...
(The end of their operation)
(While everyone is planning the operation...)
(with one mind...)
- Let's go! - Okay.
(Tired of waiting, Winner gets out of the room.)
(At the news that Winner is coming out,)
(the crew is in a hurry.)
(Producer Na hides in the van that will tail them.)
(Winner has arrived.)
(They get on the trailer without an ounce of doubt.)
- We'll start rolling. - This is nice.
- There are cameras here. - For this scene,
we'll play the music for you.
- You're escaping from the city. - Okay.
- Just feel the music. - Please wrap it up.
- Shout for joy while escaping. - Okay.
- We'll be focusing on that. - Got it.
- Do you want a mask? - Sorry?
Do you want a mask?
A hat and a mask would help.
Right.
(He's done putting on the mask.)
(He puts on the hat for his disguise.)
- It's tight. - You won't wear it for long.
- You don't look suspicious. - With the mask...
Let's get ready.
(Everything is set.)
All right. The trailer is going to start now.
(It seemed as if everything was going smoothly.)
All right.
(All of a sudden, the camera in the backseat was turned off.)
We'll get going.
(Rattling)
I didn't do anything wrong.
- What was that? - It wasn't us.
(Will our plan...)
(be successful?)
(The plan they prepared for over 2 months is nearing the end.)
- On standby. - On standby.
- Look at the camera. - At the camera.
Action!
Let's go!
(Singing)
(He's a rapper.)
(He draws everyone's eyes.)
(I'm in such a good mood!)
(Laughing)
(One more time!)
[VIU Ver] E01 Youth Over Flowers - Winner
"How To Kidnap Someone Who Knows He'll Be Kidnapped?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Everybody, put your hands up!)
(Sticking out his hand)
Great.
(Winner is enjoying the outdoor activity.)
Let's go!
(Winner literally does everything they're asked to do.)
(They don't even seem tired.)
We did that.
(Screaming)
- Okay, okay. - Go!
(We have to take a 16-hour flight soon.)
Sir, let's go back to where you made the turn.
We're going back to where we started.
- Island - We're going to stop for a moment.
(An assistant director is speaking.)
- We'll check the lights. - Let's check the lights.
- Please stay seated. - Let me see that.
- What about this? - We'll quickly check the lights.
(The director has to get off now.)
- We'll quickly check the lights. - Please wait.
- Take a look around it. - Yes, sir.
Please block the windows on the side.
- Cover them up with the blanket. - Please block the windows.
(A big black blanket appears.)
It's for the car.
(This is a high-tech method of blocking the view.)
(They completely blocked their side views.)
(Producer Na takes this moment as an opportunity and moves.)
I need to check the screen.
(He gets on the trailer carefully.)
Let's check the screen.
(It's a blind spot.)
(A spot where Winner can't see.)
(Just to hide Producer Na,)
(they cover the windows with a curtain and monitor.)
(They even use makeup as an excuse.)
(So Winner didn't see anything.)
(The director who is done with his task...)
(gets on the van for the crew.)
- Get in, please. - Stay on this van.
We're going to start now.
Get the music ready.
(30 seconds before their surprise)
All right.
(The assistant director begins acting.)
Where's the director?
- Where's the director? - Sorry?
Where is the director?
- Take a look at this. - 2, 3.
He said he had to use the bathroom.
Who's going to check the scene? The director is not here.
He has to check the details.
I thought he came back.
(Of course, Winner can hear everything.)
Gosh, you should have checked it.
(He has gotten wind of the situation.)
The director didn't get on?
There's a guy in a black outfit...
in the front.
He's a solid director.
Can he fill in for the time being?
(Black outfit? A solid director?)
Is he hiding somewhere?
Tap the guy in the black outfit.
Hey, get that out of the way.
(The guy in the black outfit is right here.)
Get that out of the way. Move it.
(He's curious of the solid director.)
- What is this? - Wait.
(In disbelief)
- What's going on? - Can you take over now?
Sure. I'll take over starting now.
I'll take over starting now.
- What's going on? - I got it.
What is this?
- What? - Are you serious?
(Are you serious?)
- What's going on? - Seriously?
(I don't have the faintest idea what's happening right now.)
We're going to film the last scene.
(When Producer Na takes off his hat,)
(they're terrified.)
- Is this really happening? - The last line is,
"We're going to Incheon Airport to find freedom."
What?
(They're shocked.)
What is this?
- I can't believe this! - What in the world...
Let's start with Min Ho.
"We're going to Incheon Airport to find freedom."
You've got to be kidding me!
- What is this? - My gosh.
Come on!
- Unbelievable. - They totally got me.
"We're going to Incheon Airport to find freedom."
Sir, take the Jayu-ro all the way to Incheon International Airport.
No!
They got us. My goodness.
- How I... - How could you not see this coming?
How could I have seen it coming?
(The back of my head hurts.)
How did this happen?
Why didn't we suspect it?
Who are you?
Does that mean there is no commercial?
- A commercial? - Isn't this for a commercial?
This isn't a commercial, but a kidnapping.
We're kidnapping you right now.
This is unbelievable.
Where did it...
Where did it go wrong?
They had the alibi.
(It probably went wrong from here.)
Did you recruit the advertising team of our agency?
We recruited the advertising team, coordinating team, styling team,
- and managing team. - I should have known.
- Director. - Director.
Thank you.
(Chun Sung Jae is the real director of commercials.)
Have a safe trip!
Who are you?
The storyboard was high-quality.
We had it made.
Who made it?
Maybe you did.
This is incredible.
For goodness' sake.
Back during the get-together,
I... What should I call it?
Wait a minute. Was that fake?
What was that?
- The producer told me... - You were fooled.
that she is sorry.
She said Youth Over Flowers won't come until later.
She said I can put myself at ease.
Perhaps I shouldn't share this.
Winner is joining the show, right?
Are you talking about Youth Over Flowers?
- Winner is joining the show. - Youth Over Flowers.
That was the plan.
- That was the plan. - That was the plan.
"Kang's Kitchen" will have to come first.
(She talked about Youth Over Flowers filming next year.)
(The production crew lied all the time.)
(The broadcasting station is ruthless.)
- I can't believe it. - I put myself at ease.
I have a shoot for the drama the day after tomorrow.
What are you going to do?
- A shoot for the drama? - Yes.
It's a lie.
Hey!
Hey, what is going on?
You could have given us a hint!
- Is a shoot for the drama a lie? - I had an hour of sleep...
- last night. - It's practically the same crew.
The main scriptwriter of the drama writes this program too.
- He is right? - Who is that?
(He has an epiphany.)
(My goodness.)
I thought...
Since you were on the alert,
we had no choice but to do this.
- They got us. - They got us good.
I bragged to my mom about filming a commercial.
Me too!
When else would we film a car commercial?
Me too. I even thought about what to buy with the money.
- I was happy to film a commercial. - Listen, everyone.
You don't have your purse or wallet.
You don't have your clothes.
- No. - We don't have our cell phones.
We don't even have our cell phones.
You will head to the airport in this state.
We will give you your passport and cell phone later.
- Give me a second. - This is unbelievable.
I have a confession to make.
I got in the car with my cell phone.
The others will get their cell phones. It's okay.
You fool!
- I don't have a battery. - You should have brought a wallet.
- I don't have a battery. - How would I have thought of that?
Why would I bring my wallet to film a commercial?
I have my wallet at the car.
- Mine is inside the bag. - It's with my clothes.
(Your belongings arrived at your dormitory already.)
(We even sent your snack bag with a card.)
- What? - Firstly,
we are thankful that you are talking us on a trip.
We are thankful, but this is too...
We need to look cool during a trip!
A trip in your youth is all about its suddenness.
Are we leaving in these clothes?
Yes, you will enter Australia and pass through airport security...
in those clothes.
- Australia? - Australia?
Did I reveal your destination?
Gosh, I shouldn't have done that.
- Australia! That's incredible. - Australia?
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
- Wait a minute. - Stop it.
(More on Australia later)
Are we really going to Incheon International Airport?
Since it's the rush hour, we shouldn't go in this state.
You will move to the staff's vehicle.
Hey!
- For goodness' sake. - Who is that? The production crew?
- Hello. - Hello.
- Everyone is here. - Hello.
(The staff members of "New Journey to the West" appears.)
While I am happy to see them...
(He is both happy and flustered.)
It's no wonder you were filming us!
I should have known. He never comes in the morning.
He came so early today.
(He is having a lot of fun.)
- Bye. - Did you know?
Bye.
My heart felt heavy to lie to you. I am sorry.
- Let's get out of the car. - You are good at lying.
Let's get out of the car.
Where is Si Mon?
Do I really not have a shoot for the drama?
(Can I join the shoot of Youth Over Flowers?)
For goodness' sake. When they left...
without picking up the director,
- I thought they had a fight. - I didn't know who he was.
- Me neither. - I thought they had a fight.
"The man in black clothes is leaving."
- He suddenly disappeared. - It was sudden.
We got completely fooled.
(His legs give out.)
(The hero of the hidden camera prank)
Have a safe trip.
- Thank you. - Let's film...
a great commercial in the future.
Are you an actor or a director?
- He is the real director... - Is he real?
of commercials.
Really?
It really felt like we were filming a commercial.
Let's film a great commercial in the future.
They are filming us again.
Why are you filming us?
- Why are you filming us? - We can't help it.
It's an incredibly nice camera.
- Director, thank you. - It was a good shoot.
- Have a safe trip. - Thank you.
I had a lot of fun.
Let's move to Incheon International Airport.
Let's go. We don't have much time before the flight.
- Let's go. - The flight...
Say goodbye to the staff. They will get going now.
You!
(It's a rather violent goodbye.)
Thank you for your hard work.
I am almost in tears.
You can talk about it now.
(He planned the kidnapping for 2 months.)
- I need to make a report. - Call President Yang Hyun Suk.
He will be surprised.
(They prepared for the kidnapping for 2 months.)
I can't believe it.
(In the end, they are dragged empty-handed.)
I even bought...
a lot of clothes...
because of this commercial.
You thought you would get money.
I thought I would get money and bought a lot of clothes.
Bye.
- Bye. - Thank you.
- Thank you for your hard work. - Have a safe trip.
How long is the trip?
This is unbelievable.
(They board the staff's vehicle.)
I should have eaten a lot.
(He already worries about money.)
My legs are about to give out.
Seriously. This is...
I have a shoot for the drama.
- It was a lie. - No.
The shoot needs to take place soon.
In my bag...
- It's Producer Shin Won Ho. - What?
- Producer. - Hello.
Is it true that I don't have a shoot?
Yes.
(Cool-headed)
"Yes."
Is it okay if I am not there?
The schedule was...
made up.
(The "Prison Playbook" team adjusted the schedule.)
This is nice.
"This is nice."
Have fun...
and wear sunscreen for continuity.
I will take care of my hair and skin.
- Thank you. - Have a safe trip.
- Okay. - All right.
My goodness.
What a surprise!
I am still in a daze.
How did everyone team up...
to fool the four of us?
(Thank you for helping us fool Winner.)
You know,
please take good care of Haute.
- Don't worry. - Walk him...
in the morning, afternoon, and night.
(We now go to the airport.)
Do you know where we are going?
- I told you by mistake earlier. - Yes.
It was a mistake.
I told you by mistake.
We are going to Australia. Has anyone been there?
- No. - No.
(Western Australia)
(The country of kangaroos)
(Welcome.)
(Situated next to the Indian Ocean,)
(it's the paradise of the surfers.)
Hi.
(They meet new people.)
(You can meet me if you are lucky.)
(We are incredibly rare animals.)
(When it's the time for sheep to go home,)
(beautiful sunset unfolds before your eyes.)
(Over the thousands of limestone columns...)
(are the endless stars of the southern hemisphere.)
- In 1, 2, 3. - In 1, 2, 3.
(A trip of the beautiful youths will unfold here.)
(It starts now.)
This is incredible.
(They need to study the basics.)
We made a booklet of travel information.
- Here you go. - Did you make it yourself?
- Thank you. - There are only two booklets.
- Let's read it carefully. - Western...
- Australia. - There is Perth.
(The locations are unfamiliar to them.)
Margaret River.
The paradise for surfing, Margaret River.
Surfing!
Isn't it cold there?
Am I wrong? Is it a warm country?
- It must be pretty cold. - It's between spring and summer.
The seasons are reversed.
Is that possible?
You will arrive in Western Australia...
and travel for 6 nights and 8 days.
It's a pretty long trip.
There is no set plan.
Once you arrive in Perth,
you are free to go where you want to go...
and do what you want to do.
You will need money.
- That's right. - Do we get money to go shopping?
This is for your trip.
Then what about the advertisement shooting then?
- The envelope is thick. - I know.
You did a good job of filming the commercial.
It's the money gift!
- Thank you. - How much is in it?
You are the best!
Each person can use 100 dollars a day.
- That's incredible. - Why are you taking it?
We have a bag here.
Let's check the amount.
Why would you put it down your top?
There is a lot of money.
Each person gets 100 dollars a day for 8 days.
I see.
Use this money to eat,
sleep, travel,
go on a tour,
and buy skincare products and clothes.
Are you giving us this money...
with no catch?
(This isn't "New Journey to the West".)
This is a healing program.
Forget "New Journey to the West".
Forget it for a second.
They won't fool us again.
It feels strange to receive a big amount of money...
when it's hard to eat a decent meal in "New Journey to the West".
(They are near the airport.)
It will be tasty.
The hotel will be cheaper if we book now.
I think it will be better...
to book the lodging...
when we have Wi-Fi...
in Korea.
I have done it once.
Are you booking the hotel?
(They decide to book the hotel for the first day.)
Let's do this before we arrive there.
It will be fun to sleep at the dormitory.
- We live in a dormitory. - Wait.
I think we should book this one.
Take a look at this.
80 dollars for a night is a steal.
- 80 dollars for a night. - There are 4 of us.
We should book it quickly.
People from all over the world...
- want to sleep here. - People from all over the world?
Do people from all over the world want to sleep there?
It's asking me to write a request in English.
Who wants to do it?
- You should do it. - Okay.
- Let's go. Let's go. - You received A in English.
Write it with confidence.
Free...
Wi-Fi.
Free water.
- That's right. - Maybe we are making...
an impossible request.
"Why are they asking us to give everything for free?"
"Who do they think they are?"
Then let's change "Free" to "Full".
- What? - Full Wi-Fi.
Fast Wi-Fi.
Add "Please" in the end.
That's polite.
Booking confirmed.
Thank you, guys. Thank you, guys.
Good job. Good job.
We are at Incheon International Airport.
Let's go. Let's go.
- Let's go. - All right. Let's go.
It feels strange...
to walk around the airport in this outfit.
For "New Journey to the West",
Min Ho dressed up as a monster.
- That's right. - That's right.
He wore makeup on his face.
- This is nothing compared to that. - I am grateful.
(Hold on.)
(Since it's forbidden to film in the airport,)
(you will listen to the audio.)
(At the counter)
All right. Lee Seung Hoon.
- Do we go in right away? - Yes.
- Song Min Ho. - Thank you.
Would you take a picture of our back?
Walk pitifully.
(That's how this picture came to be.)
(Pitiful)
People are asking...
if we are being apprehended.
They are asking why we are dressed as prisoners.
It's funny because there are four of us.
- Let's walk separately. - Do you want to go first?
If we do that, they will say, "They must be a team!"
(At a duty free store)
Let's decide...
which brand to buy.
The cheapest one.
Even though all four of us have different skin types,
we must share a skincare product.
(They need to buy toner and lotion.)
Please show us the cheapest skincare product...
of any brand.
Do you mean toner, astringent, and lotion?
We don't need astringent. Face cream is enough.
We don't care what it is as long as it's cheap.
We need the cheapest one.
- Would you like this one? - How much is it?
It's 65 to 68 dollars.
It's too expensive.
This one is okay. I have used it earlier.
It's expensive... Wait, it only costs 10 dollars.
It's 13 dollars.
We will be set...
- if we buy two of these. - Let's do that.
It's moisturizing. It's nice face cream.
(Patting)
(The four of them wash their faces.)
- This is nice. - The view is nice.
I am here.
- There are two seats behind. - Okay.
(They sit as they come...)
- Hello. - Hello.
(and end up with these pairs.)
(The members in the back seats get ready to sleep.)
(The members in the front seats are reading something seriously.)
Korean food is the best for an in-flight meal.
I want to try beef goulash.
Then order that one.
(Passed out and dazed out)
Maybe we should wake them up for meals to save money.
Choose between braised chicken and cheese omelet.
(They eat with relish when they are wakened up.)
(Eating)
It's tasty.
(Taking a big bite)
(He clears the dish.)
It's tasty, right?
It's tasty.
(The members in the front seats are eating as well.)
(The cheese stretches.)
(He steals a bite of Seung Hoon's braised chicken.)
(Yogurt tastes the best when you lick the lid.)
(He is licking the yogurt lid too.)
(He spills it.)
Good job.
I washed it.
I only have one pair of clothes.
(The poor man in his only outfit becomes sad.)
(Please become clean.)
(Korea)
(They have a layover at Singapore before they arrive at Perth.)
(Perth)
This is incredible.
(Western Australia comes into view.)
The air will be delicious here.
There are so many trees.
(Perth Airport)
We arrived.
(They arrived at Perth Airport.)
Seriously.
Let's take a picture since we arrived.
- Okay. - Okay.
- Control tower, okay. - Okay.
- Control tower. - The weather is really nice.
The weather is really nice.
(The clear sky makes them forget fatigue.)
Let's take a picture. Where should we take it?
(They take it under the control tower.)
(We were kidnapped.)
(Perth)
(The capital of Western Australia is surrounded by the Indian Ocean.)
(It's the center of community, economy, and culture.)
(The business of the city...)
(and the relaxation of the nature coexist here.)
(You will face relaxation Australia has to offer.)
(Winner's first destination, Perth)
This is cool.
Shall we take this one?
- I think this is the taxi. - No, it's not.
What?
Don't we need to figure out how to get to the city?
It's the most important information. Airport shuttle.
It costs 16 dollars.
It's cheaper to take a taxi.
- It's 34 dollars. - I know.
- There is a taxi. - Okay, let's go.
- Let's go. Let's go. - Isn't it Uber?
- Jin Woo, there is a taxi. - It's a taxi.
There is a taxi sign.
Okay, there is a taxi.
Maybe only 3 people are allowed in 1 vehicle.
Okay. The last one will have to walk.
We are going to Perth.
Ask him how much it is to go to Perth.
How much is how much? I mean...
- How do I say it in English? - Where was it?
Look at the sky.
Taxi.
How many of you are there? Are you all together?
Four.
- Four people. - No problem.
- Okay. Thank you. - How much is it?
- Where are you going? - Where are you going?
This...
We want to go to this address.
85 Stirling Street.
- Sedric? - Stirling.
- 85? - 85.
- It's pretty expensive. - What?
85 Stirling Street.
40 to 45 dollars.
Okay. 40 dollars. Let's go.
40 dollars. Thank you.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
I am on the opposite side.
The driver's seat is on the right-hand side.
- Lucky. - Very lucky.
(They are off to a good start.)
(Thinking)
We are at four dollars now.
It went up very quickly.
Don't worry. Be happy.
Look at the weather.
Perth.
- The weather is so nice. - Nice weather.
(Looking at the blue sky lightens their hearts.)
It's going up.
(They are at 8.5 dollars.)
He said it will be around 40 dollars.
He said it will take only 15 minutes.
It goes up every 5 seconds.
(Worried)
(They enter the downtown of Perth.)
- I think we're almost there. - Yes, I think so.
We made it!
It's 85th street.
It's 85th street!
(They're excited.)
Here, here.
There, there!
- Yes. - Yes, sir.
(They're excited again.)
- It's a lake. - We're doing this so smoothly.
I can't believe it we're doing it so well.
- Look at that. - Let's get off here. Thank you.
We should have some coffee here.
Hey, it's 30 dollars.
- It cost less than 40 dollars. - It's less than 40 dollars.
(36.3 Australian dollars)
- Thank you so much. - Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
The weather is really nice.
I feel so good!
- It's a cool weather. - Yes, it's cool.
I've heard it's very dry here, but it's not.
- Thank you! - Thank you!
I feel great.
- I feel so good. Here's the hotel. - It's open.
This place is cute.
(They take a selfie to celebrate finding the hotel.)
- You should do it upward. - The sign should be in the picture.
(He holds the phone higher)
No, that's not it.
- The lens should be upward. - He held the phone higher.
(He holds the phone upward.)
1, 2, 3!
(They arrived at their first accommodation!)
- It's good. - Yes!
You look horrible.
Seung Yoon, let's go in.
- I'll check in with Seung Yoon. - Okay, go.
- Seung Yoon, take out the money. - It's here.
I have a feeling that this place is small.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Are you a Korean? - Yes, I am.
- Game over. - Game over.
- Go ahead. - It's the booking information.
- We're lucky. - It's amazing.
It's like we finished the game.
- He's a Korean. - Who is he?
The guy at the reception desk.
We completed the game.
(They feel lucky.)
Did you just talk to a Korean?
- He's a Korean. - He's a Korean.
(He suddenly comes in.)
This staff is a Korean.
How are you?
How are you? It's nice to meet you.
- I think we should do this program. - He's Korean.
Brother, we can speak freely, right?
- Brother? - He's already calling him brother.
He's already calling him brother.
(They're somewhat embarrassed.)
(They checked in very easily.)
Let's go in the room.
- Unbelievable. - Everything's going well.
We're amazing.
- We need to see the room first. - Okay.
What if we go into the room and...
(It might be very small.)
It might be too small to even lie down.
- They must be really happy. - They look so happy.
It's our first time to do something like this.
- Thank you. - The game is over.
- First, we met a nice guide... - Be quiet.
- Great. - Gosh.
Hello.
Hi.
Do you have a Wi-Fi access in this hotel?
- They have. I asked already. - Okay.
(He has a simple mind.)
He said, "In hotel, Wi-Fi?"
What?
- Jin Woo. - Why? It's correct.
You're unbelievable.
That's his character.
(What would their room be like?)
- It's a nice room. - Thank you.
There are six beds.
- Or do you have more beds? - Okay.
(4 of them booked a room for 6 people.)
I guess two more people are coming.
- That'll be nice. - We'll be with strangers?
I like that.
What are we going to do?
Let's take a shower first.
- Let's go to the bathroom. - You're right.
- Let's see if there's shampoo. - We need to check it out.
- If two more people come in... - We're in trouble. No shampoo.
We're not going to be here all together.
- There's no shampoo. - Let's just go.
- Let's go the front... - Let's ask them.
- Let's go and buy some. - Okay.
Hey, give me some money.
First, this is emergency fund for each of us.
Mom ordered with her emergency fund
You can use this.
Take 50 dollars each.
- Give me money to buy shampoo. - Add that.
- That's... - Is that mine?
- Then take 50 dollars. - Let's go.
I think 20 dollars will be enough.
- It will be enough. - Just in case.
You can buy if there's anything else you need.
But you should tell me how much you spent.
(Seung Yoon is the worst frugal ever.)
You're buying too many things we don't need.
We should save on eating today.
We should also save tomorrow.
(He's excited.)
(He's indifferent.)
Come here.
It's one dollar.
That costs 95 cents, and this costs 4 dollars.
- It's just 4 dollars. - It's 4 dollars.
- It's not much. - It's okay.
If we spend less than 100 dollars, we can save some tomorrow.
We need to pay the bus fare.
- That one. - Let's save the money.
Tell me if you need more.
Buy me just a pair of sunglasses.
No.
No shopping.
(When an issue of money arises...)
Give me back the three dollars change.
(He doesn't forget to get back the money the staff borrowed.)
(It must be the happiest moment of a day for Seung Yoon.)
(He's calculating their balance.)
(He's happy.)
(Super Great, Seung Yoon!)
- Let's... - Yes, here...
How about having some Americano when Seung Yoon's not here?
Shall we?
- Ordered with her emergency fund - Ordered with her emergency fund
Let's add the price of Americano to the price of shampoo.
- Let's tell him it's the price. - Tell him it's rather expensive.
We don't need to give him the receipt.
- Let's do that. - You're right.
The weather is so nice.
(The fellowship of the shampoo is looking for trouble.)
It's nice.
- Everything's going well. - Right.
- Even the traffic light is on. - I feel weird.
It's so nice.
Except for when they took the hidden camera.
It must have driven all the bad luck from us at that time.
- Right. - It drove all the bad luck.
It's not like us when everything goes so well.
- I think we're here. - We're here.
Everything's on sale.
The shampoo is here.
It's here.
It's two dollars.
It's good. Two dollars.
The strawberry one is also two dollars.
I like the strawberry one.
The strawberry one is selling well.
- I like strawberry - I like strawberry
- Let's get the mango conditioner. - What are you saying?
That one for the body.
(It's time to buy the body?)
- Aren't we buying the soap? - We can just clean with water.
Still…
Is this the body wash?
- Shower cream. It's the body wash.
Shower gel, shower cream, five dollars.
I think this one's better than a soap.
- That's enough. - We're done.
- Let's go. - Is there anything else we need?
- How about a deodorant? - No, we don't need it.
(On his way to check-out, he saw...)
Can we buy a Doritos?
(It's more expensive than the strawberry shampoo.)
Would you like some snack?
Let's save money on snacks.
Are you going to eat if I buy one?
- I surely will. - Okay.
- That Doritos is... - I'll get a small one.
I'll get a small one, okay? It's a small one.
(He lied.)
Doritos is sold everywhere. It's even sold in Korea.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - Have a nice day!
- Why are you eating it alone? - That's what I'm saying.
It tastes great.
- It's delicious. - It is.
(They buy a 2-dollar shampoo and eat a 2.5-dollar snack.)
This is delicious.
I feel happy.
- By the way, - What?
- I feel like we're here for fun. - Right.
Those who want to take a shower, do it.
- Go ahead. - Okay.
What irritates me is...
that even if I take a shower, I have no clean clothes to change.
You have to put on the same clothes again.
You have to put on the same ones again.
I want to change at least my underwear.
I have nothing to change.
The shampoo doesn't make a lot of bubbles.
It's the cheapest one. Can't help it.
I heard the one with fewer bubbles is better for health.
I mean I like it.
If only I have a scissor,
I can make a backpack with it.
- You mean this one? - No, that one.
Which one?
(Does he mean the plastic bag?)
- Did you get the scissor? - Yes.
How are you going to make it?
(He suddenly takes off his shoes.)
I thought about it a while ago.
(1st, he takes out his shoelaces.)
(2nd, he cuts them in half.)
I calculated it already.
(3rd, he gets the plastic bag from the duty-free shop.)
(4th, he makes holes with some spaces.)
It might be torn if we put something heavy in.
- I think it's quite possible. - Right.
But I trust you, Min Ho.
I want you to trust me
(He ties the shoelaces together.)
(He ties them tight not to come undone.)
I trust you as we're team members.
- It's amazing. - It's done.
(The duty-free plastic backpack is done.)
You need to be careful when you put it on and off.
You shouldn't do it roughly.
(Being careful)
You shouldn't put your last arm in like this.
- Show us. - Amazing.
- You have to put your arms at once. - It looks great actually.
My pants are too long.
That's why I folded the bottom of my pants.
(They travel in Western Australia.)
Why am I even doing this?
(His backpack becomes a burden.)
(It breaks.)
It broke.
(His backpack can be fixed while moving.)
- Have you seen this? - Okay. Great.
Thank you.
(Please stay with me this summer.)
- Did you buy this? - Let's go. Let's go.
Let's buy underwear first.
This is a shopping mall, though.
- We shouldn't go in here. - Let's go back.
- Don't even look at it. - We shouldn't.
We should go to a market.
Don't turn your head to the left.
- We can't go in there. - Of course.
If we find a good market,
- we can find cheap underwear. - Can we find something cheap?
That's right.
(Let's find the cheapest market in Perth.)
City Beach.
Let's get our underwear from here.
I think it will cost us a lot.
Let's check out the prices first. It's a multishop.
- It's expensive here. - It's a multishop.
Let's leave.
It's way too expensive.
They have all the streetwear brands.
(Look for a shop which is placed just out side of the city center.)
- It looks cheap here. - I think so too.
- I think they sell underwear. - All the prices are low.
But I don't think it's cheap to buy it here as it's a souvenir shop.
I think I will find nice underwear here though.
We're lack of our ability.
Yes.
There it is.
He's dancing like this.
Ask people for some money.
Or 23rd avenue. I think it's that way.
(They check the map.)
- We were here earlier. - We were here just now.
It's the Murray Street Mall that we went earlier.
- Is it? - Yes.
(There's one sentence that you need to say when you are lost.)
Excuse me. Excuse me.
May I ask you something? Which is...
the most cheap shop in this area?
We don't know.
- Let's ask someone else. - Okay.
Let's ask one person.
We are putting so much effort...
to buy cheap underwear.
Where is the Reject Shop please?
- Are there any cheap shops to buy? - Shops with low prices.
- I don't remember the names. Sorry. - Okay.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Everyone is saying we should just go to the Murray Street.
How many people did you ask?
- We asked 2 people so far. - 2 people.
- Let's have a look in Target. - Target!
"The Reject Shop, Target, is where..."
"you can buy daily necessities and clothes..."
"with fairly cheap prices."
(They read it twice actually.)
(They walked past a few times.)
- Let's have a look in Target. - Target!
- We can buy things with low prices. - Let's buy them here.
We read it in the book.
- We chose you, Target. - We chose you, Target.
(They look funny.)
- It said they sell cheap things. - We found Target.
- Great work, guys. - They sell everything cheap here.
The book said Target sells everything cheap.
- It's here. - Great work guys.
Hey, it's only four dollars.
- 4 dollars. - 4 dollars.
Hey, it's 25 dollars for 7.
Really?
Good.
We were looking for a shop like this.
- Let's take everything. - Hey, check this out.
- 6 dollars. - 6 dollars.
Put it down.
15 dollars?
(He chose 4 different colors.)
It's amazing here.
The T-shirt is only five dollars.
- Let's just buy these for now. - Okay.
It's 117 dollars.
117 dollars, right?
We were lucky.
We only wandered a little and found this shop.
That's right.
- We made it. - We made it.
Where are the hoodies that are under 30 dollars?
It's at the back.
I want a grey one.
Shall we all have matching hoodies?
I want a black one.
I will take this one then.
- It looks nice. - Good.
It's been so long since I put the clothes on...
straight after I bought.
It was a good price for hoodies like this.
- Was it? - It was a good purchase.
- We did well. - It was almost 100 dollars.
As we're wearing matching hoodies,
we look like escaped prisoners...
who are trying not to look like escaped prisoners.
(They are not prisoners in disguise.)
(A long day passes.)
(We're from Rottnest Island.)
(Are you here to see me?)
(They're excited to see a Quokka.)
(He fails to take a selfie with Quokka.)
(Quokka is strong.)
(It's a place where they can enjoy many activities.)
(The experienced skydivers are enjoying it.)
(Actually not.)
(Scream!)
(Jin Woo does not have any experience in skydiving.)
I don't think I will do it well.
(Can he make it this time?)
(They fill their tummies.)
(They spend a great day.)
I am disappointed in Seung Yoon.
It's funny he mentioned it.
- No, it's just that... - I still feel bad about it.
I don't want to hear it.
So are you saying you're upset about it?
Yes. I am.
Let's just do one thing today.